Consider all MR in `shoot` namespace in `seed` for health check except one having class seed (#7462)
gardener/gardener: docs/extensions/healthcheck-library.md

It is up to the extension to decide how to conduct health checks, though it is recommended to make use of the build-in health check functionality of `managed-resources` for trivial checks.
By [deploying the depending resources via managed resources](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/extensions/pkg/controller/worker/genericactuator/machine_controller_manager.go), the [gardener resource manager](https://github.com/gardener/gardener-resource-manager) conducts basic checks for different API objects out-of-the-box (e.g `Deployments`, `DaemonSets`, ...) - and writes health conditions.

> By default, Gardener performs health check for all the managed resources created in the shoot control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Gardener performs health check for all the `ManagedResource`s with `.spec.class=nil` created in the shoot namespaces.
```

> By default, Gardener performs health check for all the managed resources created in the shoot control plane.

Reviewer: Add a release note for dependencies to make extension developers aware of this.
